well hello flying pig systems and
high-end systems this is Dallas and DRS
studios well I like the new hole hug for
my only thing though is that I'm not
sure about the trackpad here because on
the hog three you know you'd click on
this and it would turn blue stating that
you know you can control your lights now
let's go over here to my fixtures I got
the this is just some ideas of what I
want to do this is the DJ spot LED now I
can control the intensity let's see here
I'm not in that function yet okay hang
out
hey gobo color open
okay well I'm not I'm not in that
capability right now let's see here and
also the par 36 LEDs but I like the new
setup I think this is a good job the
only thing though is I would like to see
the blue track ball on this one on the
software and also there was one LED
light that I wanted to look at it was
the let me go over here too
you can share equipment hope this is
intelligent lighting scanners
now you have you have this one you know
with the with the led but this is the
LED scanner that's the only one that I
don't see in the fixture library I know
I mean I know you're working on it but
anyway but great job on the new software
I saw you guys had this on high-end
systems calm I had to jump on it because
I've been working with the hog three for
a long time you know
mastering that and everything now I got
something new to master I mean I know
the software and everything so but good
job I like the layout
this is DRS Studios over and out